feat(manager-react-components): update storybook to version 8.6 (#16054)
ovh/manager: packages/manager-react-components/src/components/navigation/menus/action/documentation.mdx

import {
  StoryBookBanner,
  StorybookHeading,
  StorybookBestPractices,
  StorybookIdentityCard,
  StorybookTable,
} from '../../../../../.storybook/docs/components/';
import { Meta, Canvas, Source } from '@storybook/blocks';
import meta, { actionMenuStandard } from './action.stories';
import Links from '../../../../../.storybook/docs/external-links';

<Meta title="Navigation/Menus/Documentation" />

<StoryBookBanner of={meta} />

An **_Action Menu_** is a component that displays a list of actions

<Canvas of={actionMenuStandard} sourceState="none" />

<StorybookHeading label="Overview" level={2} />

<StorybookIdentityCard
  aliases={['Menu', 'Ellipsis Menu', 'Dropdown Menu']}
  githubUrl={Links.github.action}
  name="ActionMenu"
  relatedComponents={[
    { name: 'ods-button', href: Links.ods.button },
    { name: 'ods-popover', href: Links.ods.popover },
  ]}
>
  The `ActionMenu` component is a button-based dropdown menu that allows users
  to trigger various actions.
</StorybookIdentityCard>

<StorybookHeading label="Anatomy" level={2} />

1. **an ODS Button**: it will trigger the list of action which contains:

>    1. an ODS Icon (can be set to left or right? or always at the left of the label)?

Reviewer: Answer the question.

Author: 👍

   2. a label

2. **an ODS Popover** which can contain:
   1. **a group** title: it is used to group related actions?
   2. **actions**: each action is an ODS Button or an ODS Link depending of the usage
   3. **a divider**: it can be used to separate some actions?

<StorybookHeading label="Usage" level={2} />

An **Action Menu** is typically used when users have 3 to 10 actions to choose from (like edit, copy or view settings for instance).

It is used for navigation or command menus, where an action is initiated, based on the selection.

<StorybookHeading label="Dos & Don'ts" level={2} />

<StorybookBestPractices
  dos={[
    'Do use an Action Menu when there are 3 or more actions',

>     'Keep Action Menu list of actions content short for abetter and faster understanding',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    'Keep Action Menu list of actions content short for a better and faster understanding',
```
